hi this is Lance wall now welcome to my
my beard hey do you guys notice I grew
this beard if you've been seeing me live
you've probably caught it they didn't
catch it you saw it
hey what I'm talking about lately in the
in the Facebook post is really
interesting it's the imaginal cell do
you like the way I have a little
whiteboard here for this the imaginal
cell wildest idea you know the
illustration of the metaphor of the
butterfly coming out of the caterpillar
has been used for years by
transformational individuals and as you
know it's a great illustration but what
I never understood fully is that what
enables the butterfly to emerge out of
the caterpillar
is the fact that a chrysalis a hard kind
of shell is formed it looks like this
see that it's a hard cell is formed
shell is formed around the the
dissolving old structure so you have a
structure that is wrapping up the
process of transformation and the
caterpillar becomes goo absolutely
dissolves from the familiar into
something completely different and
that's what transition really is it's
the ending of an era in the beginning of
a new one and in the goo the cells that
are in there that are part of the new
creation have locked within them by the
design of God an image and they are
called imaginal cells because they carry
within them the image of a new species
and although they have to do is kind of
vibrate in in the community of these
cells until they find each other and
when they find each other they begin to
in a sense connect to each other and
form the substance materially of the
image that they've got on the inside
it's like if you're sharing the
narrative the stories the testimonies of
what God is speaking to about the
kingdom or something on the inside of
your heart regarding something you want
to manifest as your as your in a place
where there may be a complete ending of
the familiar and the old but you're
coming into something brand new when you
find other people that resonate with
what you're sensing and seeing and when
you say it and they get it it's you you
begin to create the substance of a brand
new entity so where we are now in a
sense is as a people are as where are
people that are looking for each other
so that we
have that conversation that brings
meaning and clarity to what image God
has given us to make manifested